<!-- Java roles before AEM -->
<!-- Custom FS -->
## Thomson Reuters -- Java Developer (Sep 2014 -- Mar 2016)

*London, United Kingdom*

Joined the team to work on implementing a new court management (CMS) and electronic filing (EFile) system in the Royal Courts of Justice. These were built upon products still under development in the US.

**Custom Feature Implementation**
- Engineered configuration and code changes to enable support for both Oracle database and MSSQL.
- Implemented code and configuration changes to enable communication between the CMS and EFile systems.
- Integrated payment functionality to allow customers to provide account numbers.
- Developed a custom feature, allowing case parties to be added to a filing for a case. 
- Enabled law firms to have multiple addresses, ensuring that the new data structure was synchronised between the EFile and CMS.
- Facilitated the migration to Liquibase and implemented the necessary scripts for the RCJ environment.

**Coordinated the CMS/EFile Release**
- Prepared database scripts.
- Resolved issues during deployment.
- Documented the changes and the release process.

**Defect Resolution & Core Product Support**
- Liaised with the US team to resolve issues.
- Debugged and fixed a customised Spring BeanWrapper, which was incorrectly binding values from specific date fields.
- Fixed Hibernate queries and stored procedures (both Oracle and SQL Server).
- Identified long-running issues related to the changing core product that impacted the RCJ's implementation.
- Resolved front-end JavaScript issues with the front end.
 
***Technologies:** Java 1.6, FreeMarker templates, Custom tags, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JavaScript, GIT, JIRA, Stash, Jenkins, SQL Server, Oracle, Liquibase.*

## BNP Paribas -- Java Developer (Mar 2013 -- Jun 2014)

*London, United Kingdom*

Managed the end-to-end development of "Headcount," an internal web application for monitoring fixed-income staff, and led the migration and first production rollout of the "Scorecard" project.

- Modernized the user interface by implementing the JQGrid plugin to replace static tables, enabling interactive data filtering and sorting.
- Enhanced the application's functionality by adding new pages and refactoring legacy front-end JSPs and JavaScript.
- Resolved critical stability issues, identifying and fixing Java heap/out-of-memory errors.
- Automated data synchronization by implementing a Quartz scheduler to process and update records from external database feeds.
- Developed an end-to-end bulk-import feature, utilizing Apache POI for server-side parsing of complex Excel datasets and JQGrid for frontend visualization.
- Managed database schema changes, applying DDL and DML scripts for new features and performance improvements.
- Documented a legacy database architecture, reverse-engineering the schema to produce detailed Entity-Relationship Diagrams (ERDs) and stored procedure documentation.
- Led a database migration of spreadsheet-based business data. Collaborated with stakeholders to map the data to the schema. Developed, documented, and rigorously tested robust SQL scripts, ensuring a successful release first time.

***Technologies:** Oracle, WAS 6.1, Java 1.5, POI, Quartz, JUnit, Spring MVC, JQGrid, JSP, JavaScript.*

## Waitrose -- Java Developer (Dec 2011 -- Sep 2012)

*Bracknell, UK*

Delivered change requests and resolved critical defects across the main website, backend Java integration layer, and database schemas.

***Technologies:** Java 1.5, WebSphere Commerce 6, Struts, Ibatis.*